So for does recap let's dive into the question what is angular angular.
Is a framework a javascript framework in the end which allows you to create single page applications.
Let's understand what a single page application is by comparing it to a traditional web application
if you want to call it like this.
There we would have the user and the client the client being our browser for example.
And of course the server hosting and running our application if we as the user click on something on
the page we're on which is loaded in our client in our browser.
Click on a link let's say the client will send a request to the server telling the server hey the user
clicked on this link please give me the appropriate page and the server will return and response giving
us the new page the user wants to see.
And therefore we are able to well see this page.
There's nothing wrong with this approach but it means that for everything we do we will have to involve
the server.
We will have to send the request and wait for the response which introduces a slight delay between clicking
and viewing the result.
And for some pages it might not even be needed because maybe we don't even need some server side specific
code or some data from a database in which case we could totally leave out the server in a single page
application.
We therefore have the same set up but it behaves differently.
Here once we click on some link let's say wizard d about page and the About page doesn't need any extra
info from the server.
The browser itself the client itself re renders the parts of the dom which needs to be rendered.
So to display this new page which technically isn't a new page it's not a new HD DML page sent by the
server.
It's the same page we were on hence the name single page application but now the page was updated.
Or specifically did dom of the page was updated.
Now of course we still can't reach out to the server because we might need to access the database there
but that will happen behind the scenes through Ajax requests which are sent behind the scenes from our
anglo to app to the server and then the response will all be handled there.
And it might lead to again the re rendering of parts of our page but we will never get back a new page
from the server instead.
Data will be exchanged in for example Jason format in the requests and responses here.
This is a single page application and this is what allows us to create such a single page application
where England gives us the tools to easily manage manipulate our Dom and to show the user to content
we want to show to when